More Markdown Conversions and Updates (#1203)
objectcomputing/OpenDDS: tools/modeling/docs/design_notes/codegen.md

<!--

>   This file was coverted mannually from codegen.html TiddlyWiki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This file was converted manually from codegen.html TiddlyWiki.
```

>   That had serveral pages in it's table of contents, of which only two were not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  That had several pages in its table of contents, of which only two were not
```

Author: Guess I forgot to spell check this file...
